Docs update (#73)
solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator: docs/overview/architecture/addresses.md

Reviewer: you must add the new print functions to this section too

Author: done

## Overview

> The Addresses contract plays a pivotal role in managing and storing the addresses of deployed contracts and protocol EOAs. This functionality is essential for facilitating access to these contracts within proposal contracts and ensuring accurate record-keeping post-execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Addresses contract plays a pivotal role in managing and storing the addresses of deployed contracts and protocol EOAs. This functionality is essential for facilitating access to these contracts within proposal contracts and ensuring accurate record-keeping post-execution. Additionally, this contract contains important safety checks such as checking bytecode and providing error messages when non-existent addresses are queried.
```

> The Addresses contract plays a pivotal role in managing and storing the addresses of deployed contracts and protocol EOAs. This functionality is essential for facilitating access to these contracts within proposal contracts and ensuring accurate record-keeping post-execution. Additionally, this contract contains important safety checks such as checking bytecode and providing error messages when non-existent addresses are queried.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Addresses contract plays an important role in managing and storing the addresses of deployed contracts and protocol EOAs. This functionality is essential for facilitating access to these contracts within proposal contracts and ensuring accurate record-keeping post-execution. Additionally, this contract contains important safety checks such as checking bytecode and providing error messages when non-existent addresses are queried.
```

]
```

> FPS allows contracts with identical names as long as they are deployed on different networks. However, duplicates on the same network are not permitted. The `Addresses.sol` contract enforces this rule by reverting during construction if such a duplicate is detected. It also checks same address is not set for two different names on same network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
FPS allows contracts with identical names as long as they are deployed on different networks. However, duplicates on the same network are not permitted. The `Addresses.sol` contract enforces this rule by reverting during construction if such a duplicate is detected. It also checks that the same address is not set under two different names on the same network.
```

## Functions

### Adding

> Addresses can be added to the object during a proposal or test by calling the `addAddress` function with the name to be saved in storage and the address of the contract to be stored with that name. Calling this function without a chain id will save the contract and name to the current chain id.

Reviewer 2: would also specify here that a boolean must be passed when adding an address whether or not it is a contract or not

-   Address must be a contract in the specified chain if `isContract` is set to `true`.
-   Address must not be a contract in the specified chain if `isContract` is set to `false`.

> Addresses can be added before the proposal runs by modifying the Addresses JSON file. After a successful deployment, the `getRecordedAddresses` function will return all of the newly deployed addresses and their respective names and chain ids.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Addresses can be added before the proposal runs by modifying the Addresses JSON file. After a successful deployment, the `getRecordedAddresses` function will return all of the newly deployed addresses and their respective names and chain id's.
```

-   Address must be different from the existing address.
-   An address for the specified name must already exist.

> After a proposal that changes the address, the `getChangedAddresses` function should be called. This will return all of the old addresses, new addresses, and their respective names and chain ids.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After a proposal that changes the address, the `getChangedAddresses` function should be called. This will return all of the old addresses, new addresses, and their respective names and chain id's.
```

### Address is a contract

The `isAddressContract` function determines whether an address on the execution chain represents a contract. This is useful for distinguishing between contract and non-contract addresses, helping to avoid runtime errors when attempting to interact with non-existent contracts or contracts not deployed on the current chain.

```solidity
addresses.isAddressContract("CONTRACT_NAME");
```

## Usage

When writing a proposal, pass the addresses path to the proposal constructor. [Proposal.sol](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator/blob/main/proposals/Proposal.sol) will load the addresses from the path and make them available to the proposal. Use the `addresses` object to add, update, retrieve, and remove addresses.

```solidity

> pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

Reviewer: This example no longer demostrate how FPS is. We don't use the constructor anymore
